Add checkers extension (#1199)
cosmos/sdk-tutorials: academy/ibc-dev/ibcapp_leaderboard.md

## Create a Leaderboard chain

After the extention of the checkers chain with a leaderboard module, the checkers game is able to keep track on the player stats and it can maintain(on request) a sorted leaderboard. In addition it can send player stats via IBC to another chain. 

> You will now create a leaderboard chain which can receive those packages. Determine another folder for your leaderboard chain, and scaffold a chain via Ignite:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will now create a leaderboard chain which can receive the `Candidate` packets to store a global leaderboard. Determine another folder for your leaderboard chain, and scaffold a chain via Ignite CLI:
```

```bash
ignite scaffold chain leaderboard --no-module
```

and again you can include a leaderboard module with IBC enabled in it:

```bash
ignite scaffold module leaderboard --ibc
```

You need a structure to keep track on player information too:

```bash
$ ignite scaffold map playerInfo wonCount:uint lostCount:uint dateUpdated:string --module leaderboard --no-message
```

and of course a board structure:

```bash
$ ignite scaffold single board PlayerInfo:PlayerInfo --module leaderboard --no-message
```

> In addition, you want to receive candidate packages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, you want to receive candidate packets:
```

```bash
ignite scaffold packet candidate PlayerInfo:PlayerInfo --module leaderboard --no-message
```

this time you use the `--no-message` flag because this chain is not going to send any player information to another chain.

> Implement the logic for packet receivment in the `x/leaderboard/keeper/candidate.go`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement the logic for receiving packets in the `x/leaderboard/keeper/candidate.go`:
```

```golang
...
// OnRecvCandidatePacket processes packet reception
func (k Keeper) OnRecvCandidatePacket(ctx sdk.Context, packet channeltypes.Packet, data types.CandidatePacketData) (packetAck types.CandidatePacketAck, err error) {
    // validate packet data upon receiving
    if err := data.ValidateBasic(); err != nil {
        return packetAck, err
    }

>     // TODO: packet reception logic

Reviewer: Think this can be dropped

    allPlayerInfo := k.GetAllPlayerInfo(ctx)

    found_in_player_list:= false
    for i := range allPlayerInfo {
        if allPlayerInfo[i].Index == data.PlayerInfo.Index {
            allPlayerInfo[i] = *data.PlayerInfo;
            found_in_player_list = true
            break
        }
    }

    if !found_in_player_list {
        k.SetPlayerInfo(ctx, *data.PlayerInfo)
    }

    return packetAck, nil
}
...
```

in addition, add a basic validation into `x/leaderboard/types/packet_candidate.go`:

```golang
package types

import (
    "errors"
)

// ValidateBasic is used for validating the packet
func (p CandidatePacketData) ValidateBasic() error {

>     // TODO: Validate the packet data

Reviewer: same here
